Listen to me. One of the benefits of
doing this while running an hedge fund
is that the people in the community that
are talented, curious, eager to learn,
for me they are a huge asset. Like if
you're one of the people that last year
got the book, you already know the
approaches, the methodologies I use, the
fundamentals I have. You already show me
you're eager to learn. You ask me
questions proving me you're curious. And
this is worth 100 times more than just
receiving CVs and doing internal
training. I won't be surprised and I
will be extremely glad if in 5 years'
time, as the fund grows, the majority of
the people that I'm working with are
coming from here.